(foreboding music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(aircraft roars)
(booming)
(twigs snap)
(warbling)
(suspenseful music)
(eerie music)
(tense music)
(knocks)
- Hey.
- What are you doing here?
- Wanna go to the park with me?
- I don't know. it's really late out
and my dad's on patrol.
- That's even better. we won't get caught.
- Anyway. it's too cold out.
I'd rather stay in the house.
- Don't be such a baby.
- I'm not being a baby.
I'm just obeying my father.
- Fine. I'm going to the park.
You know where to find me.
- (scoffs) Whatever.
♪ Things that make you feel ♪
♪ You can't be forgiven ♪
(thudding)
- (grunts) What was that?
(eerie croaking)
(suspenseful music)
What was that?
(eerie croaking)
(foreboding music)
(suspenseful music)
(Michelle screams)
(eerie croaking)
(eerie music)
(suspenseful music)
(Michelle screams)
(engine starts)
- Hi!
Nice car.
I really appreciate the ride.
Can you drop me off at the town?
You don't talk much.
Are you okay?
(suspenseful music)
(whimpers)
- [Michelle] Mandy. Mandy. let me in!
Hurry. let me in. Mandy!
- What. what. what's wrong with you?
- There was a monster with a black cloak
in the woods. in the woods!
- What are you talking about?
Just calm down. come on.
- In a black cloak!
- Come on. let's go to my
room. I'll call my dad.
- I was going through the
woods to get to the park.
and I kept hearing these weird noises.
And then I felt like
something was watching me.
So I made it to the park.
but the sound followed me.
and I kept hearing the noises.
And then something grabbed me.
And then I couldn't move.
And then I kept hearing this
screeching. and I blacked out.
And I woke up on the ground.
and I just came here as fast as I could.
- Someone tried to kidnap you?
I gotta tell my dad.
- No. don't tell your dad.
He'll tell my parents.
and then I'll get in
trouble for sneaking out.
- Don't worry. he won't tell your parents.
but I do have to tell him.
- Okay. you're right.
You should know best.
(radio chatters)
- Who taught this guy to drive?
(foreboding music)
Who runs a stop sign
in a residential area?
(car door closes)
How's it going tonight?
I'm Sheriff Clark.
I stopped you because
you rolled that stop sign.
(phone rings)
Hold on a second.
- Dad. I need you to come home now.
Someone just tried to kidnap Michelle.
I don't know who it was.
She's in shock right now
and really terrified.
- Okay. all right. I'll be right there.
All right buddy. this is your lucky night.
Go ahead and go.
Watch those stop signs.
(foreboding music)
Mandy!
- [Mandy] In here. Dad!
- Okay. tell me what happened.
- I was walking through the woods.
and I kept hearing these noises.
And then I heard them
when I got to the park.
And then I saw this figure.
- I need to know what he looked like.
- [Michelle] All I saw was a black cloak.
- Did you see his face?
- Not really.
- Okay. the good thing is
that you're not hurt. okay?
This just happened at the park?
- Yes.
- Okay. I'm gonna head out to the park
and see what I can find. okay?
You stay here with Mandy.
When I get back. I'm gonna
take you to your parents.
Okay.
- All right.
You two stay here. I'll be back.
Don't answer the door for anyone.
Wait till I get back.
(foreboding music)
- I didn't tell your dad. but I swear
that thing in the cloak was an alien.
- You don't really
believe in aliens. do you?
- Of course not. but
that thing was inhuman.
I'd never been so scared before.
It tried to kill me.
- Well. you're safe here. my dad's a hero.
(foreboding music)
Dad?
(tense music)
(suspenseful music)
(screams)
The thing in the cloak that
you saw on the playground.
the thing that attacked you.
it's in the house right now!
I don't know how it got in. but it's in!
It's in here now!
I saw it. you were right!
(girls scream)
- What is going on?
Look. I know there's been
a lot going on tonight.
I think we all just need some rest.
- There was a monster in the house. Dad.
There was a monster in
the house. I saw it.
- There's no such thing
as monsters. Mandy.
- I heard a noise. and then
I went to check it out.
The door was wide open.
- The door was locked.
I unlocked the door when I came in.
- I kept hearing this weird whisper.
almost like a whispering
noise. in my ear or something.
I can't really explain it.
but I went to the kitchen.
and then it was just standing there.
I didn't really get a good luck at it.
I just saw that there was a black cloak.
and I just got scared
and ran to the bedroom
as fast as I could.
- Look.
I think we all just need some rest.
- But Dad. I'm telling the truth.
- Michelle. I'm gonna take you home.
Mandy. you come with us.
There's no such thing as monsters.
Come on. girls.
- Please. Mr. Clark. can I
just stay with y'all tonight?
My mom's working overnight
at the general store.
- That's fine.
All right. you can stay here tonight.
Just call your mother and let her know.
And stop thinking about
monsters. there's no such thing.
(ominous music)
(phone rings)
Sheriff.
- [Mrs. Jones] Sheriff
Clark. this is Mrs. Jones.
I wanted to call you.
Stanley is missing.
- Okay. calm down. Mrs. Jones.
- On High Street.
- Stanley's missing.
How long has he been gone?
- [Mrs. Jones] He's been
gone for four hours.
- Four hours.
Let's just give it some
time. Ms. Jones. okay?
- Okay.
- Maybe he'll show back up
in a little bit.
- [Mrs. Jones] I have given
it time. I'm just worried
about my husband.
- I have to wait 24 hours
to do a missing persons report.
- [Mrs. Jones] He was
going up to the store.
and I don't know where he could have went
and what could have happened to him.
- If he doesn't come back. call me back.
I'll go out. I'll find him.
Right now I'm the only
law enforcement officer
in the county.
I have to get some rest. I've
been out all day. all night.
- [Mrs. Jones] You should
be more sympathetic.
- I am being sympathetic. I do care.
But if I don't get any
rest. I won't be any good
to anybody.
- I was just worried
and hoping he wasn't in that fire.
- [Clark] A fire?
- [Mrs. Jones] Yes. there was a fire.
- [Clark] I didn't even get
a call about a fire tonight.
- [Mrs. Jones] Near the water.
I could see it from my window.
- All right. check back in
with me in the morning. okay?
I'm sure he's gonna show up.
- [Mrs. Jones] Okay. but if you find him.
please bring him home.
- Okay. take care. Ms. Jones.
A fire.
What's going on in this town?
I need a break.
(foreboding music)
- [Anchor] You are watching
WCB TV News at Nine.
Today's headline is gonna
be lights in the sky.
Lights in the sky for two days.
- [Alien] Help me.
Help me.
- [Anchor] The state of
Maine have had several claims
of UFO sightings and lights in the sky.
- [Alien] Help me.
- [Anchor] We will be
taking a quick break.
and when we return. we will
dive into this investigation
of current UFO sightings
and a explanation of
the lights in the sky.
(ominous music)
- [Alien] Help me.
(tense music)
(foreboding music)
(suspenseful music)
- Mandy!
Mandy!
Get in here.
What are you doing out there. young lady?
- I heard a voice. and it was
saying "Help me. help me."
so I went outside to check it out.
and then I turned around the house.
and I saw an alien. there
was an alien out there.
- There's no such thing as aliens.
- It was calling me.
It didn't sound threatening at all.
More like it was sad. scared.
and didn't know what to do.
- There's no such thing as aliens.
- Yeah. I know it sounds
crazy. but it's true.
There was an alien out there.
- And why didn't you come get me then?
Who told you you could
just go out of the house
without asking me?
With what happened to your friend.
there's crazy people running around.
Anything could've happened to you.
- It didn't sound threatening.
it sounded scared.
- Look. I know things have been hard
since your mother passed away.
But aliens. come on now.
- I'm not crazy. I promise.
it was really there.
- [Clark] We're not
talking about it anymore.
- But it talked to me.
- Let's go get some rest. and
do not leave this house again
without my permission.
You got it?
All right. it's bed time.
Let's go.
- Sheriff Clark.
- Who called the press
to a tow truck scene?
- Have you found Stanley yet?
- How'd you find out about Mr. Jones?
- It's a small town.
There's no secrets in small towns.
- Look. I haven't even
started the investigation yet.
I'm still on the tow truck.
- They're in an uproar.
They want answers.
- I don't care if they want answers.
If I had answers. I'd give it to them.
- You gotta give me something.
- You're not my boss.
Don't you have something better to do?
- I'm not trying to be your boss.
I'll let you handle your job.
take care of this tow truck.
but you better give me a
call so I can handle mine.
- You might wanna move that vehicle
unless you wanna get impounded.
(chuckles)
(tires screech)
- Thank you. Sheriff. we'll
get this back to the yard.
- All right. Scott. I'll see you later.
(phone rings)
- Captain Wright.
- [Clark] Hey Captain.
this is Sheriff Clark
here at the Sheriff's Office.
I had a few reports of maybe something
crashing into the ocean. or...
I don't know. a boat on fire.
Have you had any reports?
- [Wright] No. we haven't had any calls
for service in over a month.
- [Clark] Can you do me a favor?
Can you send a quick
patrol around the pier
and the surrounding
area. look for any debris
or any signs of a crash?
- [Wright] I'll get the boys
together. send them out.
- [Clark] Okay. I appreciate it.
Hey. give me a holler back
if you find something.
- Yes. sir.
- Okay.
- Goodbye.
- Thank you.
(foreboding music)
- You would not believe the
day at school I had today.
Mrs. Bumstead got onto me
for falling asleep in class.
but it wasn't my fault.
I keep having nightmares about that alien.
(sighs) I just don't
know what I'm gonna do.
I've been too scared to tell my parents.
- Well. I actually talked to the alien
and met it.
- What?
- I went outside in the
middle of the night.
and it talked to me.
It kept whispering inside my head.
like. I honestly don't know.
I've never heard anything like it before.
It showed me something.
I kind of felt like I had fallen asleep.
but then woken up again in a split second.
It was weird. but it didn't
really seem like the thing
that I had met in my house.
It didn't seem scary.
I was scared at first. but I don't know.
it wasn't threatening.
- What do you mean. it wasn't threatening?
It was an alien. it tried to kill me!
Did you tell your dad?
- I did tell him. but
he didn't believe me.
- Parents never believe anything.
You've gotta get some proof or something.
- Yeah. I know. but how
exactly do I get proof?
- Well. see if it left a clue.
or if you can find a footprint.
And if you find anything.
then show it to your dad.
- I guess. but he probably
still wouldn't believe me.
Just accuse me of making it myself.
What about you. did you tell
your parents what happened?
- Are you crazy?
No way. I haven't told them anything.
- I guess I better get
inside and do my chores
before my dad comes home tonight.
- Yeah. I'm gonna get home too.
I don't wanna be caught in the dark again.
Make sure you lock your door.
I've been make suring
all my doors are locked.
Same thing with the windows.
- All right. I'll see you
tomorrow after school.
(foreboding music)
- [Clark] Hey. this is the sheriff.
Hey. shout at me on my cell phone.
I'm gonna be out at the
state park for a little bit.
(tense music)
(eerie music)
- I'm gonna call 911.
- [Operator] 911. what's your emergency?
- Yes.
I just saw someone dash
across our yard in all black.
I don't know who it was.
but I just saw someone.
- [Operator] Just stay
inside. lock your door.
What's your address. hon?
- [Elizabeth] Five Ferris Street.
- [Operator] I'll have the
sheriff come by immediately.
I'm gonna send him right over.
- Thank you.
The sheriff's here. Grandma.
I'm gonna answer the door.
(knocking)
Thanks for coming. Sheriff.
- I came as quick as I
could. are you two okay?
- Me and my grandma saw
someone in a black cloak
dart across our yard.
- A black cloak. okay.
- We didn't know who it was.
and Grandma's still
really scared right now.
- You two don't have to be
scared anymore. I'm here now.
I didn't see anything when I walked up.
I'm gonna do an extra
check around the perimeter.
and if it's all clear. I'm gonna
head back home for tonight.
But if you need me. you call me.
and I'll get right back as fast as I can.
- Okay.
Thank you.
- You two have a good night.
(knocks)
- [Laura] I came as soon as I heard.
- Okay.
- Ms. Anderson.
- Have you been listening
to the scanner again?
- Guilty.
- [Clark] Come on in.
Well. have a seat.
- So she saw a black cloak.
- You need to stop
listening to the scanner.
I came out to Ms. Anderson's.
No one was there. no
signs of a black cloak.
There was no prowler.
there was nothing there.
- Hey. that's in my amendment
rights. okay. buddy?
I've been doing some research.
I think it's aliens.
- Look. there's no such thing as aliens.
- I don't think you
should be that skeptical.
- Can you and the town just
give me five minutes to relax?
I just got home. I just got changed.
I'm trying to finish some paperwork.
and then here you come
talking about aliens.
- What happened to Stanley?
- I don't know what happened to Stanley.
- Where's Magnar?
Why was his car left there?
- I don't know what happened to Magnar.
- You were supposed to call me.
and I told you I would be back.
- I got nothing to tell you.
why am I gonna call you?
- Even if you don't
have anything to report.
you could at least give me a courtesy call
to say you don't have anything to report.
- I investigated the beach.
the woods. the park. nothing.
- The town needs to know.
What do you plan on telling them?
- The town doesn't need to know.
It's my discretion and
I don't want the town
to panic at all.
- If you're not gonna tell anyone.
what do you plan on doing about this?
- I'll tell you what I'm gonna do.
Starting tomorrow. no one's
allowed out past 9 p.m.
It's gonna be a new county curfew.
The only one out should be me.
- I'm gonna go home.
But I'm telling you there are aliens.
And aliens are here terrorizing this town.
whether you wanna believe it or not.
- I told you. I told you!
I knew aliens were real.
- Mandy. what are you doing
in here interrupting grownups?
- See. I told him. I
knew aliens were real.
- Here we go. aliens.
- You believe me. right?
- [Laura] Of course I do.
- There's no such thing as aliens.
I don't wanna hear this.
we're not doing this. you two.
What were you doing.
eavesdropping again. Mandy?
- Yes. I was eavesdropping.
and I'm sorry for interrupting you two.
- Mandy. back to your room.
- I'll go to bed now.
- And you can leave.
- Goodnight. Ms. Laura.
- [Laura] Goodnight. I believe you.
Okay. I'll leave.
But don't expect me to leave you alone.
(alarm beeps)
(foreboding music)
(radio chatters)
- That woman has some nerve.
Can never trust the press.
All right. Laura. I
read the article. yeah.
- Tommy?
- Okay. you wanna be enemies?
- [Laura] How'd you like it?
- No. this is the sheriff.
- [Laura] You know we've been best friends
since high school.
What. you didn't have your coffee today?
- Well look. I know you
came from Texas. okay.
but we're not corrupt up here.
We're honest law enforcement.
We don't just make up charges
and go around arresting people.
You need probable cause.
And I don't care who my friends are.
I won't get a judge to sign anything
unless there's facts or evidence involved.
- [Laura] If you can't give me facts.
what am I supposed to write about?
- I don't have anything. okay?
- Don't be so sensitive.
- I still don't know what
happened to Stanley or Magnar.
- Why don't you be
like a real man?
- I need to be a real man?
Look. I'll show you who a real man is.
I'm gonna prove to you and the town
that I'm gonna take care of this issue.
and that the town is safe.
(melancholy guitar music)
Why aren't you eating?
- It's my fault Mom died.
- What?
Why would you think that?
- The night before she
died. I had a dream.
I saw her at the wheel.
And I saw her. she fell
asleep. and I saw the wreck.
Her head was bleeding.
and I didn't say anything.
If I would have told you.
you wouldn't have let her
go into work that night.
She wouldn't have crashed.
(sighs)
- It's not your fault. it's mine.
If I didn't spend so
many hours on the job.
I would've been home more.
I would've been here for her.
I would've been helping
her around the house.
She wouldn't have been so tired.
Look. I know I need to spend
more time at the house.
and not so much time at work.
But it's a small town.
I have to protect the town and my family.
and it's not that easy to be
able to juggle both of those.
And sometimes you lose
others on the other side.
and sometimes you're gonna lose someone
on this side. in your family.
Look. I made a call.
and I set up an
appointment for both of us.
We're gonna head down to
Portman and get some counseling.
I think both of us need it.
I guess it's time to call it a night.
(phone rings)
Spoke too soon.
I have to take this.
Sheriff.
- [Mike] This is Mike over at dispatch.
We got a call coming in for you.
- I just had a curfew.
no one out past 9 p.m.
- [Mike] Yeah. I know. I know.
but someone else has
gone missing. Sheriff.
- Another person.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Henry Stevens. sir.
- Okay. I was just having
dinner with my daughter.
Can you give me five minutes?
- [Mike] I got a 101 on 4th Street.
- Okay. I'll be there.
I know I just said I'm
gonna start being home more.
but I have to go.
Another person went missing.
You're gonna have to clean up.
go to bed by yourself tonight.
Lock up. wait till I get back.
Don't answer the door. don't go outside.
Okay?
I love you.
(eerie music)
- [Alien] Help me.
(foreboding music)
Help me.
- I hear you calling to me.
I can understand you.
Why do you keep coming to see me?
- I need your help.
- How could I help you?
- [Alien] Only you can hear me.
- So I'm the only one
who can understand you.
- [Alien] There is another who is evil.
- You mean there's two of you?
You're not the one killing everyone?
- [Alien] I do no harm.
I come in peace.
- You're the good one?
- My ship crashed
in the ocean.
- In the ocean. it crashed?
That's what everybody was fussing about.
That's what those lights in the sky were.
- I am here to stop the evil one.
- What do you want me to do?
- [Alien] Follow me.
- But if you want me to follow you.
you have to tell me where we're going.
- [Alien] Trust me.
- Okay. I believe you can protect me.
I trust you.
- We must leave soon.
- I'm ready to go. but we have to hurry
before my dad gets back. because
he doesn't believe in you.
and if he saw you. he would kill you.
- I must destroy the evil one.
And I need your help. because
your mind is the only one
he cannot control.
Together we can defeat him.
Follow me.
(foreboding music)
- Mandy.
I told that girl to stay in the house.
What is she doing going in the woods?
Mandy. Mandy!
(tense music)
- [Alien] He is here.
Do not be afraid.
- Why did you bring me here?
- [Alien] I need your help.
- What do I do?
Just tell me something!
What do you want me to
do against that thing?
(yelps)
No!
- Mandy!
(suspenseful music)
- [Alien] Can't defeat him.
(screams)
(alien snarls)
(Clark groans)
(gun fires)
- Mandy. Mandy!
Are you okay?
You saved my life. Mandy.
We gotta get going.
We gotta hide this thing.
I can't tell the town.
I got a shovel in my pickup. come on.
All right. we gotta bury him.
I'm gonna go see. you stay back here.
(tense music)
All right. it's dead.
It's dead.
- She's gone.
- [Clark] What do you mean she's gone?
- She's not here anymore.
- Where'd she go?
- She was only here to make
sure the bad alien stopped.
So now do you believe in aliens?
- No.
(Mandy laughs)
I don't believe in aliens.
We never had an alien.
And the town is never gonna know.
- Okay.
- There were no aliens.
- No aliens.
(melancholy music)
- [Alien] Thank you for helping me.
- Dad. can we have a pet?
- Sure. you can have a pet.
Maybe it'll keep you in the house.
(chuckles)
(uplifting music)
- [Man] You can't help
but try to figure it out.
Why a good person gets taken.
♪ Got a hole in my heart ♪
(gentle piano music)
♪ A pain in my gut ♪
♪ I'm still in a daze ♪
♪ Don't know which way is up ♪
♪ When you have nothing left ♪
♪ Only sorrow and regrets ♪
♪ You look for the good ♪
- [Girl] Dear diary. I don't know
if I'm really saved or not.
♪ I wish that I could ♪
♪ Come save me ♪
♪ Engage me ♪
♪ I don't wanna be like this ♪
(ominous music)
- Dad. look.
Dad!
Daddy.
- [Woman] Can you describe
your reaction to this movie?
(cries)
- I just. when the horn blew.
I just totally was wracked
with chills. and...
(sobs)
(uplifting music)
I don't know. I totally
just freaked out. and...
I almost. I just wanna throw up almost.
Don't know why.
(thunder cracks)
(tense music)
- Iraq?
I don't know I'm gonna tell the wife.
I'll check in with you when I can. okay?
- [Woman] I love you.
- I love you too.
- [Woman] There's been a
lot of activity going on.
- [Man] I don't know what to do.
- I heard some people
do an exorcism on the house
when something like this happens.
(doorbell rings)
(knocking)
(door creaks)
(suspenseful music)
(screams)
- It's behind it!
- Get away from us!
(laughs)
(roars)
(tense music)
The lord is my shepherd. I shall not want.
(roaring)
- [Man] Wise man once told me
that a man searches his
whole life to find true love.
(dramatic piano music)
That love is sacrificial.
And it is for love that a man
would walk through Hell.
Don't worry. the baby's gonna be fine.
To keep it.
(tires screech)
(glass shatters)
- [Anna] Thanks for taking me on the trip.
- This property should
be around here somewhere.
Well. the map said so.
It's worth the money. we have to take it.
(foreboding music)
- I love you.
- I'm gonna go see if the door's open.
I'll be back.
(glass breaks)
(woman screams)
(tense music)
Ellen!
(suspenseful music)
(creature shrieks)
♪ Please bring back the sun ♪
♪ So I can smile again ♪
♪ Bring back the sun ♪
♪ To brighten my day ♪
♪ Chase those dark clouds away ♪
♪ Bring back the sun ♪
(gun fires)
- [Man] What would you do?
(tense music)
How far would you go?
Where's my wife?
To save your wife?
Are you willing to die for love?
(creature shrieks)
(solemn piano music)
(suspenseful music)
- Why. God.
have you taken my wife?
- Trick or treat.
♪ Rooftops are sacred now ♪
(suspenseful music)
(girl screams)
(gun cocks)
(gun fires)
(ominous music)